A Tri-City Volunteers: “TCV Food Bank is a non-profit organization that provides food assistance and low cost clothing and household items to the residents of Alameda County. We are the largest client-direct food bank in the area. We serve up to 16,000 individuals EVERY MONTH through our drive-thru and Mobile Pantry distributions. With a staff of 6, a volunteer force of almost 1,900 throughout the year, and a budget that barely breaks $600,000, we are extremely efficient in distributing over 6 million pounds of food annually. We serve all low-income residents of Alameda County. Many of our clients come from migrant families, are under-employed, or are facing unemployment due to disability, a lack of relevant work skills, or other barriers.”
B Centro De Servicios: “Centro is open to everyone and here to help. We are devoted to assisting the residents of the Tri-City Area in securing the services they need to live happier, healthier and more productive lives. Recently celebrating 40 years of operations, our bilingual and bicultural staff now serves over 1,300 families per month, out of multiple locations. We are constantly fine-tuning and expanding our services and facilities to better provide for our community.”
C Tri-Cities Community Development-Dollie's Closet: The center opened in 1998 a clothes closet. Since it’s initiation Dollies closet has become a pilot model for other organizations in the bay area offering free food and gently used and sometimes-new clothing to families in need. The Closet is coordinated one hundred percent volunteer bases from church groups, senior citizen groups. Local business employees and other individual volunteers. The Center serves over 500 families and provides over 9000 meals each month.
D Salaam Food Pantry: “Salaam Food Pantry was established in 2016. The first food distribution was held on April 28th, 2016. Naseer Irfan, founder of Salaam Food Pantry mentions that their intention is to support the residents of the Irvington community and close by vicinity…Since its launch, the Salaam Food Pantry has successfully served the underprivileged community members while at the same time presenting Islamic virtues of tending to one’s neighbors. This organization dreams to expand the pantry so that people are yielded food on a weekly basis rather than monthly.” So far, they have served over 3000 thousand hot meals and distributed over 100,000 pounds of food.
E Fremont Senior Center TCV Mobile Pantry Site: The fremont Senior Center Mobile Pantry was started for those over the age of 55 and can’t make it to the Tri-City Volunteers food bank. They provide adults with a wide selection of fresh produce and non-perishable items.
F St. Vincent de Paul: “In Alameda County, 325,000 people face hunger or live in poverty. Through our programs, volunteers and community partners provide direct services to those in need…Clients can find a hot meal 5 days a week at the free Dining Room, prepared by students of the Kitchen of Champions culinary job training program.  Grocery supplies are available at local Conferences. Over $1.2 million of food items were distributed throughout Alameda County last year.”
G Ohlone Food Pantry: “In mid-May 2013, the Office of Student Life's previous Program Coordinator Renee Gonzales, started our very first food pantry-The Ohlone Pantry (TOP)- to help feed students in need. Since then, TOP has has provided food assistance to many students.”
H Fremont Resources Center: The Fremont FRC is a welcoming place where families and individuals are nurtured, encouraged, and provided quality services to build on their own strengths to help themselves and others… SparkPoint provides a Mobile Food Pantry twice a month at the Fremont Family Resource Center
I Wells Fargo Drive-Thru Food Pantry: “Millions of Americans are struggling to put meals on the table, creating extraordinarily lengthy food bank lines and stretching the limited locations thinner than ever.” Wells Fargo has helped provide over 82 million meals to seniors, children, adults, and families in need.
J League of Volunteers: “For 40 years, LOV has touched the lives of Tri-City children, seniors and people in need.  Since 1979, we’ve been working to improve the quality of life in the Bay Area’s Tri-City communities of Fremont, Newark and Union City with more than 40 programs, events and services provided every year. LOV provides year-round dry and canned food and bread supplies for those who need a little help to get by. We are always accepting donations to our foodbank.”
